Added astar.js example to interact with WASM contract (#270)
AstarNetwork/astar-docs: docs/build/wasm/interact/astarjs.md

```js
import { Abi, ContractPromise } from '@polkadot/api-contract'

// After compiling the contract a ABI json is created in the artifacts. Import the ABI:
import ABI from './artifacts/lottery.json'

const abi = new Abi(ABI, api.registry.getChainProperties())

// Initialise the contract class
const contract = new ContractPromise(api, abi, address) // address is the deployed contract address
```

### Query Contract Messages

```js

// Get the gas WeightV2 using api.consts.system.blockWeights['maxBlock']
const gasLimit = api.registry.createType(
    'WeightV2',
    api.consts.system.blockWeights['maxBlock']
  )

// Query the contract message
const { gasRequired, result, output } = await contract.query.pot(
    account.address,
    {
      gasLimit,
    }
  )
```

Underlying the above `.query.<messageName>` is using the `api.rpc.contracts.call` API on the smart contracts pallet to retrieve the value. For this interface, the format is always of the form `messageName(<account address to use>, <value>, <gasLimit>, <...additional params>)`.

### Send Contract Transaction the easy way

> Sending contract transaction normally is a 2 step process. First is to query the transaction and check for errors. We have a helper function to do this for you. The second step is to send the transaction. The helper function will return the transaction object which you can use to sign and send the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sending contract transaction is normally two steps process. The first step is to dry-run the transaction and check for errors. Astar.js has a helper function to do this. This helper function will return the transaction object which you can use to sign and send the transaction.
```

```js

import { sendTransaction } from '@astar-network/astar-sdk-core';

try {
  const result = await sendTransaction(
    api, // The api instance of type ApiPromise
    contract, // The contract instance of type ContractPromise
    'enter', // The message to send or transaction to call
    account.address, // The sender address
    new BN('1000000000000000000') // 1 TOKEN or it could be value you want to send to the contract in title
    // The rest of the arguments are the arguments to the message
  )

  // Sign and send the transaction
  // The result is a promise that resolves to unsubscribe function
  const unsub = await result.signAndSend(account.address, (res) => {
    if (res.status.isInBlock) {
      console.log('in a block')
    }
    if (res.status.isFinalized) {
      console.log('finalized')
      console.log('Successfully entered in lottery!')
      unsub()
    }
  })
} catch (error) {
  // If there is an error, it will be thrown here
  console.log(error)
}
```

### Send Contract Transaction the hard way

> If you want to have more control over the transaction, you can use the 2 step process. First is to query the transaction and check for errors. The second step is to send the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to have more control over the transaction, you can use the 2 step process. The first step is to dry-run the transaction and check for errors. The second step is to sign and send the transaction.
```

// and the result of the message
const { gasRequired, storageDeposit, result } = await contract.query.enter(
  account.address,
  {
    gasLimit: gasLimit,
    storageDepositLimit: null,
    value: new BN('1000000000000000000')
  }
)

// Check for errors
if (result.isErr) {
  let error = ''
  if (result.asErr.isModule) {
    const dispatchError = api.registry.findMetaError(result.asErr.asModule)
    error = dispatchError.docs.length ? dispatchError.docs.concat().toString() : dispatchError.name
  } else {
    error = result.asErr.toString()
  }

  console.error(error)
  return
}

// Even if the result is Ok, it could be a revert in the contract execution
if (result.isOk) {
  const flags = result.asOk.flags.toHuman()
  // Check if the result is a revert via flags
  if (flags.includes('Revert')) {
    const type = contract.abi.messages[5].returnType // here 5 is the index of the message in the ABI
    const typeName = type?.lookupName || type?.type || ''
    const error = contract.abi.registry.createTypeUnsafe(typeName, [result.asOk.data]).toHuman()

    console.error(error ? (error as any).Err : 'Revert')
    return
  }
}

// Gas require is more than gas returned in the query

> // To be safe, we double the gas required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// To be safe, we double the gasLimit.
// Note, doubling gasLimit will not cause spending more gas for the Tx
```

    value: new BN('1000000000000000000') // 1 TOKEN or it could be value you want to send to the contract in title
  })
  .signAndSend(account.address, (res) => {
    // Send the transaction, like elsewhere this is a normal extrinsic
    // with the same rules as applied in the API (As with the read example,
    // additional params, if required can follow)
    if (res.status.isInBlock) {
      console.log('in a block')
    }
    if (res.status.isFinalized) {
      console.log('Successfully sent the txn')
      unsub()
    }
  })
```

### Weights V2
The above is the current interface for estimating the gas used for a transaction. However, the Substrate runtime has a new interface for estimating the weight of a transaction. This is available on the `api.tx.contracts.call` interface. The interface is the same as the above, however the `gasLimit` is now specified as a `refTime` and  `proofSize`. `refTime` is the time it takes to execute a transaction with a proof size of 1. `proofSize` is the size of the proof in bytes. The `gasLimit` is calculated as `refTime * proofSize`. The `refTime` and `proofSize` can be retrieved from the `api.consts.system.blockWeights` interface.

### Events

> On the current version of the API, any events raised by the contract will be transparently decoded with the relevant ABI and will be made available on the `result` (from `.signAndSend(alicePair, (result) => {...}`) as `contractEvents`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the current version of the API, any event raised by the contract will be transparently decoded with the relevant ABI and will be made available on the `result` (from `.signAndSend(alicePair, (result) => {...}`) as `contractEvents`.
```
